hello and welcome to my tutorial living
in an RV in Eastern Oregon many of s why
Pendleton well up until now I haven't
figured out how to crap money so here is
my coach this is my 2012 Keystone
Outback 298 re the re stands for a rear
entertainment no jokes please
those are my slide outs on the one side
oh there's the Mustang wouldn't be a
movie without the Mustang it's all nice
and safe here no door ting I like that
here is my awning fully powerful fully
automatic press a button and it
disappears
that's another button and it reappeared
here's the picnic table to give it some
legitimacy that it's actually a camp
area although it's more for permanent
living there's my yard
I don't mow it but if I did it sure
would be a fast project so here's the
outside very nice I do you like that so
let's go inside and check it out open as
we enter you'll notice the door here
goes into the bathroom facility I'll
show you here in a moment
there's my refrigerator and freezer
works real well for me
the dining area I only use it here's the
kitchen a fancy little sink action going
on gas oven lots of storage space I
don't even use it all there's my
microwave stepping into here is my
living room my chair where the king sits
with all of its equipment I have a
entertainment center here with this
gargantuan television and complete
stereo sound the stereo here is
connected out throughout the coach with
speakers everywhere there's a speaker
right there that's part of the air
conditioning and it has vented heating
systems very comfortable here is the
couch that also pulls out into an air
bed very comfortable lots of Windows
lots of storage up top and even as a
rounded ceiling which is bigger than
most but I don't think I'll have any
chance of hitting my head just not that
tall so now I will take you into the
master bedroom
oh yeah there's only one bedroom so I
guess that's the only one here's my bed
the queenside it's really comfortable
closet space storage space closet and
this here's my wardrobe my most favorite
parts of it my dress shirts they all fit
in very nice huh storage under the bed
keep my suits down there very stealthily
hidden there's a my window I got a TV in
here keep all my ties out ready to go
for work right here is my bathroom
you got the door that swings in or
doesn't swing that's life and then we've
got a bathroom my vanity lots of
lighting cool-looking little sink area
storage underneath here is my
residential style shower and it's big
and it is my favorite part of the entire
thing
very nice showers in the morning
complete with a Sun roof moon roof or
whatever roof you choose to call it the
commode is a porcelain residential style
commode trust me I've sat on it towel
rack door back to hello world so that
completes this edition of living in a
coach in Eastern Oregon until next time
live long and prosper